## Reflection 4
In the fourth week, There was one lesson that was related to my future study which is cryptography the study of secure communication via coded message or letter. I was a scout for 5 years, during that time I was exposed to a few types of coded techniques like Caesar cypher, morse code and semaphore. The last two techniques aren’t really coded but follow the same principle of having a decoder alphabet. This way I was taught to decode a message is to find the alphabet to later quickly decode a new message this is a slow but future proof for some coded type. This is what happen during one of the class activities of decoding a cryptic message, I and my partner found almost all of the alphabet by the end but took 45 minutes compared to another group who find what the message is about in 5 minutes. This topic also has one of my favourite subjects, history, before I learn to program I dreamt to be an archaeologist and I mainly read about mythology, I also took an introduction to psychology class in grade 12 so the topic on Thursday class I was able to understand some part. The topic of human memory interests me the most this week since in philosophy class we had an assignment about it and many discussions like in Buddism which beliefs in past and future life we have a belief that when someone is close to achieving nirvana they can recall a memory from their past and future life all at once. Coming back to last week's reflection, my friend from Canada came back and put me to work in the gym, it has been successful so far and I think I will keep it up in the near future.
