## Reflection 2
In week 2 of the course, nothing stands out to me besides seeing my old lecturer, Mr Peter Farrel, from the Unistart course. We catch up a little bit then we talk about the upcoming holiday break, this is the first time I have been aware of this so I have no plan for the weekend. At the weekend, my friend started to play one of my all-time favourite games Hollow Knight, it is a Metroidvania game which focuses on exploration, unlocking power and backtracking. I was surprised to see how a game with such a simplistic combat system creates smooth and challenging gameplay this reminds me of a quote which I forgot who said it “Limitation breeds innovation”. This quote makes me love coding in school since we have a task and the task result the student needs to find a way to get this specific result by themself. To me, coding is like solving a puzzle this goes really well with my personality, when I see a problem I have the urge to solve it no matter what when I see a set of rules/limitations I see them as guides and hints. From revisiting that game I do some experiments on other games I have installed to kind of compare combat systems and see how they work in their respective genre. I remember a quote from a game developer from Bungie that goes something like creating a gameplay loop as polish as you can to trick people to play more, for example in a First-person shooter game the loop is to shoot the tricking is to make other aspects of shooting better like sound design, animation, and key bind/ user control. I still can’t think of what makes Metroidvania so good for me since most of the time the combat is average at best and movement is depend on the game. The other aspect I can think of is the cycle of looting/finding power up to help the player explore more. So in this sense exploration is the gameplay loop the developer wants to polish and enhance. In the end, this week was nice since I get to catch up with an old lecturer, revisit one of my favourite games and have a moment to dive deeper into creating my future game.
